HHey. My name is ………. I live in Turkey. My whole income for a month as an 
industrial engineer is 2000 Turkish Liras. In Turkey, because of economic 
crisis, 1 US Dollar equal to more than 8 Turkish Liras. That means, my annual 
income as an engineer is 140 US Dollars. Our purchasing power has dropped 
dramatically in the last two or three month. My family is not in a great 
spot economically. I am a bootcamp student. Because of Covid-19, all my 
lessons are online. I would like to use this hard times to improve myself 
as much as possible. I would like to learn how to code. I think that will 
make me a better engineer. Coursera is a great platform for students to 
improve themself. Especially in Covid-19 days, it is forbidden to go 
outside most of the time in Turkey. Courses in Coursera is a great chance 
for students like me to stay strong in this hard times.





11:19
I have always wanted to be an IT engineer, I never though about being 
an Industrial engineer. I made a choice 4 years ago and I am still 
suffering from it. In these Covid-19 days, I decided to study programming 
as a self-learner. After long hours of research, I realized that Coursera
 is one of the best platforms out there for a self-learner like myself. I 
finished some of your courses and I loved programming. I am spending at 
least 2 hours in Coursera for some time and I totally enjoy it. My primary 
goal is to keep studying Data Science for a year and land a job in an 
Information Technology area. It had been a great experience for me to 
self-study on Coursera in the last two month. I had never been outside
of Turkey in my entire life. So being able to get a lesson from top 
universities around the world is a great oppurtunity for me. I hope by 
the help of Coursera, I will keep improving myself.
11:19
In Turkey, because of economic crisis, 1 US Dollar equal to more than 8 
Turkish Liras. That means, my annual income as a student is 1470 US Dollars.
 So even if it is a low-interest loan, I can't really afford it.























